Access Control List
    Focus on Object
    Cpability System -> ticket :unforgeable   token   id is iportant  authentication
    List-> have a list who can access                  dont have id

    Fork child process
    ACL:User UI+Process -> all clone to the child process: same permissions right
    Capability: separate tickets and give part of them to their child process

    Delegatton ->   give permission
        Capability : give tickets
        ACL:  add new uid to the list
    revocation ->   revoke permission
        ACL: easy , just delete list
        Capability: hard 
    
    Ameoba: distributed system - capability
        Owner capability - who created the file     right field + check field
            When the server creates an object, returns the owner capabilities
            All permission bits are set to one.  The bit value of one means the operation is allowed.
            Check field contains 48-bit random number stored by the server  (salt)
        Derived capability
            The owner knows the check field, but he shouldn't send it to child process
            The owner can set some rights bits to zero
            A new check field is calculated
            The server can verify rights and check the field
                Without owner capability, cannot forge derived capability ?
        Copying Capabilities
            Copying capability means giving rights. How do you allow copying?
            
                X wants Y to read object O which X owns:
                    X has a capability with all bits set, flips the bit for writing to 0.   
                    X generates a new check field using the new rights XOR the old check field using a one-way hash function.   cnew = h(rnew XOR cold)
                    X sends the new capability to Y.
                    Y sends a request to the server
                    The server XORs the new rights with the old check field. If the hash of this is the new check field, the credential is valid.   Assuming: h(rnew XOR cold) == cnew
        example:
            write field 1111, check file 0000;
            owner change right field into 1100, then xor it with check ->  embed the rights into check field and then hash,get the new check field.  
            the server embed new rights into old check field, and hash it again. compare two hash.

        
    Reference Monitor
    
    Web Browswers 
        Google Chrome -  sandbox   isolate crash
        Chrome Threat Model 
            Inner Process Communication 

    Information Flow Control   watcher
        Information Channels
        
